c:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\obj\x86\Debug\UVC_Service.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\obj\x86\Debug\UVC_Service.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\obj\x86\Debug\UVC_Service.ProjectInstaller.resources
c:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\bin\Debug\UVC_Service.exe
c:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\bin\Debug\UVC_Service.pdb
c:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\bin\Debug\UVC_Server.dll
c:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\bin\Debug\UVC_Server.pdb
c:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\obj\x86\Debug\UVC_Service.UVC_Service.resources
c:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\obj\x86\Debug\UVC_Service.exe
c:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\obj\x86\Debug\UVC_Service.pdb
L:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\obj\x86\Debug\UVC_Service.exe
L:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\obj\x86\Debug\UVC_Service.pdb
L:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\bin\Debug\UVC_Service.exe
L:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\bin\Debug\UVC_Service.pdb
L:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
L:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\obj\x86\Debug\UVC_Service.ProjectInstaller.resources
L:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\obj\x86\Debug\UVC_Service.UVC_Service.resources
L:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
L:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
L:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\bin\Debug\UVCServerDLL.dll
L:\Users\Слимпер\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\UVC_Service\QuoteService\bin\Debug\UVCServerDLL.pdb
